Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/password/index.md

## Value

> The {{htmlattrxref("value", "input")}} attribute contains a string whose value is the current contents of the text editing control being used to enter the password. If the user hasn't entered anything yet, this value is an empty string (`""`). If the [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#required) property is specified, then the password edit box must contain a value other than an empty string to be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{htmlattrxref("value", "input")}} attribute contains a string whose value is the current contents of the text editing control being used to enter the password. If the user hasn't entered anything yet, this value is an empty string (`""`). If the [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#required) property is specified, then the password edit box must contain a value other than an empty string to be valid.
```

### pattern

> The `pattern` attribute, when specified, is a regular expression that the input's [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#value) must match in order for the value to pass [constraint validation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Constraint_validation). It must be a valid JavaScript regular expression, as used by the {{jsxref("RegExp")}} type, and as documented in our [guide on regular expressions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions); the `'u'` flag is specified when compiling the regular expression, so that the pattern is treated as a sequence of Unicode code points, instead of as ASCII. No forward slashes should be specified around the pattern text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pattern` attribute, when specified, is a regular expression that the input's [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#value) must match for the value to pass [constraint validation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Constraint_validation). It must be a valid JavaScript regular expression, as used by the {{jsxref("RegExp")}} type, and as documented in our [guide on regular expressions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions); the `'u'` flag is specified when compiling the regular expression so that the pattern is treated as a sequence of Unicode code points, instead of as ASCII. No forward slashes should be specified around the pattern text.
```
